bitcoin: satoshi nakamoto?

11:15 => define smart contracts

bitcoin is intentionally 'turning incomplete' only for value.

the oracle problem: solved by chainlink

Hybrid smart contracts: contracts linked with some oracle chainlink

16:28 => web1 vs web2 vs web3

why smart contracts? what problem are they solving?
=> they are trust minimized agreements
   or unbreakable promises

   ex: mcdonalds scam: could've been solved by smart contracts.
       robinhood scam: trade market
       => solved by decentralized exchanges like uniswap


features of blockchain
1. decentralized
2. transparency and flexibility
3. pseduo-anonymous
4. speed & efficiency: money transfer
5. security and immutability
6. Counterparty risk removal, not hackable

what have smart contracts done so far?
1. DeFi, ex: robinhood 
2. DAOs
3. NFTs

Starting with blockchain

1. making metamask wallet and transaction on rinkeby test network
2. intro to gas: price to conduct transaction 

3. How blockchains work
  andersbrown site
  public and private key: verify and sign transactions resepectively

  ether > gwei > wei: units of etherium

1:10:00 BLOCKCHAIN BASICS

The more people use a chain, the more expensive it is to send transactions.

high level blockchain fundamentals
1:43:00 - consensus, proof of work, proof of stake
  consensus is the mech used to agree on the state of a blockchain

What is EIP 1559

consensus can be roughly broken into: 
  1. chain selection 
  2. Syblil Resistance

  Nakamoto Consensus: the longest is the real blockchain, obvious, since hard to mine the entire blockchain
  ETH and BTC are proof of work and follow Nakamoto Consensus
  => may change in the future
  ETH 2.0 will be proof of stake.
  what is proof of stake.

Attacks
  Sybil attacks
  51% Attack 

  now these attacks are hard, since users may lose stake when making 
  so many anonymous accounts, they will have to put some stake in them
  ...

Sharding: blockchain of blockchains

Layer 1: Base Layer. ex: Ethereum
Layer 2: Application built on Base Layer. ex: chainlink
Rollups: kind of like sharded chains